# SIMITAR: SniffIng ModellIng and TrAffic geneRation

## Components and apps

SIMITAR is composed of 4 components:
- Sniffer (sniffer-cli.py)
- Database (Trace.db)
- Trace Analyzer (trace-analyzer)
- Traffic Generator (simitar-gen)

Before executing any command, you must load the enviroment variables:
```
source data/config/simitar-workspace-config.sh
```
Sniffer works collecting information about an input traffic such as a pcap file
or a live traffic, and stores it in a sqlite3 database. It can be executed on
the directory sniffer/. Eg.:
```
./sniffer-cli.py new "intrig-traffic" live eth0
```
Trace Analyzer creates a compact trace descriptor in XML file using a saved 
in the database. It salves the xml on the directory data/xml/. It can be 
executed on the directory trace-analyzer/. Eg.:
```
./trace-analyzer --trace "intrig-traffic"
```
The traffic generator simitar-gen is able to create traffic based on the model
created by the traffic generator. It can be executed on the directory 
simitar-gen/. To generate and receive the traffic, execute:
```
sudo -E ./simitar-gen --tool iperf --mode client --ether eth0 --xml ../data/xml/intrig-traffic.sec.xml --dst-ip 10.0.0.2
sudo -E ./simitar-gen --tool tins --mode client --ether eth0 --xml ../data/xml/intrig-traffic.sec.xml
sudo -E ./simitar-gen --tool iperf --mode server --ether eth0 --xml ../data/xml/intrig-traffic.sec.xml
```
Iperf and D-ITG  require the use of a client and a server, since it creates a 
connection before sending any packets. Others tools like tins, require
just the operation as a client, since since it crafts packets "on the wire".

## Directories and files

- build.py 
Build the SIMITAR apps
```
./build --build		# build SIMITAR
./build --clean		# clean 
./build --remake	# clean and build
```

- data/
Directory to store SIMITAR data.
* config: enviroment variables and dependencies scripts.
* csv: directory to store csv files of IP/MAC addrs.
* db: Stores the Trace.db file
* log: store the logfiles generated by the components
* test: store files used by the unity and integration tests.
* xml: stores the Compact Trace Descriptors files.

- desps/
Third parties software code

- docs 
Software documentation.
* database: database docuemntation
* doxygen: doxygen diretory to be build
* licenses: 3rd parties software licences
* logo: software logos
* tags: tags figures
* TODO: to do list file

- libsimitar/
SIMITAR library and classes

- pcaps/
Used to store pcap files

- README.md
This description

- simitar-gen/
Simitar traffic generator directory

- tests/
Unity and integration testes

- trace-analyzer/
Trace Analyzer directory










