# Testing Directory
This directory contains a set of python packages for testing SIMITAR software.


## Cd
Package for safely changing directories.


## GnuplotScripts
Package for manage a set of generic gnuplot scripts for plotting graphis, in a sistematic and simplistic way.


## PrototypeDataProcessor
Package for manage and automate the DataProcessor propotype (simulation), to run the scripts written on Octave (Matlab),
and plot all the simulated data.
* Linealization plots (for linear regression);
* Linear regression cost function plots;
* Empirical CDF (linear scale) plots;
* Empirical CDF (log scale) plots;
* QQplots;
* Correlation plots;
* Hurst exponent plots;
* Standard deviation plots;
* Mean plots;
* BIC and AIC calculation;
* Validation costFunction;
* BIC/AIC vs costFunction.


## PrototypeFlowGenerator
Package for manage and automate the execution (similation) fo the CalcOnOff algorithm.
* ON/OFF periods values.


## SimulationMininet
Python scripts for automate the generation of an SDN topology on mininet using the controller OpenDayLight (ODL),
Beryllium release (distribution-karaf-0.4.0-Beryllium), and collect the synthetic traffic on emulated hosts.
* pcap files.


## Validation
Package for automate the validation analyzis proposed for the synthetic traffic generated by SIMITAR (simitar-gen app).
These scripts are made to compare two pcap files in a single plot.
* Bandwidth plot;
* Flow per second plot;
* Flow empirical CDF plot;
* Wavelet MRA analyzis;
* Hurst exponent value, number of packets, number of flows, and mean bandwidth table. (TODO)





